LEARNING PYTHON 3 THE HARD WAY

CH 1 - On Process

  Team Process
    Scrum, Agile, & eXtreme Programming (XP)

    1) Make a list of things to do        Plan
    2) Do the things on the list          implement
    3) Confirm they are done correctly    QC / Check

    XP is the most rigid and infringes on personal Process

    Personal Process

    1) Identifies viable ideas to work on
    2) Gets you started on those ideas to see if they'll work and changes them quickly
    3) Progressively refines your ideas over numerous work sessions in a way that avoids problems or enables you to recover easily
    4) Ensure the quality of you implementation of your ideas so that you aren't crushed by the weight of bugs later
    5) Makes sure you can work with others

    EX -  what you think your process is and what problems you seem to have?

    I have the plunging head first into the problem approach. Learn as much as I can until
    I can start to solve the low hanging fruit. As I get a sense of scale I understand more
    how I should plan my work but this can lead to no plan until I'm in the weed. I also
    can get frozen up if I find I don't know where to begin.

    I have worked on projects over a long time but can become fatigues on long unitasks.
    I like variety in my work so that went I get stuck I can switch tasks because I'm driven
    to get things done
    I tend to make stupid little mistakes
    Don't really know much about APIs
    No I don't feel like a fraud but have seen my self as out of place and
    cause on describing my background for being prejudges as not a techy
    I wonder if I will ever get to the point of becoming a real programmer
    No, I find that I can think through a problem into code. Sometimes is can
    get difficult and I get stuck but the logic makes sense to me
    No I dont have trouble getting started, though I have trouble finished resources
    as I dont have a lesson plan and am constantly looking for better Ex
    No my work environment is not chaotic but can be stressful due to deadlines
    I can find it hard to look back at what I wrote so Maybe
    I do have the tendency of being a packrat and pile on the junk until its time to clean up

CH 2 - On Creativity ->  DAILY - Write three random words each day

        - then spend 10min writing a mini essay about the words.
        Sight, sound, sense of balance, taste, smell. no censorship
        Just flow
        - if you come up with other ideas during this process write them down
        - If you get stuck use a dictionary to find words

  CH 3 - On Quality  -> Reading code backwards and call out characters to spot errors

    The act of remembering what you did makes you think the end product is correct.
    Changing you perspective can trick your brain into seeing things that were obscured by
    your perspective and assumptions. Reading code backwards can accomplish this. Painters
    place pictures in the mirror and/or turn sideways.

  Part II Hack

    Create -> Observe -> Critique -> Repeat
    Start right away but have a fix time to complete the project say 45min
    Then right down all the things you did during the project -> even better take a video
    After the project is completed, take notes on what can be done to eliminate the friction
    Then erase and start over and record it again

  CH 4 Dealing with command line pg 24
